<talk about how graphs relate to the problem at hand, this section talks about graphs because... we use graphs to encode bus availability, and edges to encode different charge rates>
<'this' needs to be more specific>
<the first paragraph is too compressed.  Need to explain things more concisely and define terms before I use them>
<potential order for information: - to be done in another section where we describe the problem formulation
    1. buses (battery, SOC) and routes
    2. station, depot charging, and availability
    3. constraints:
        a. charge time
	b. schedule, availability
	c. service (battery cannot reach 0 while on route)
    4. costs
        a. energy 
	b. power
	c. rates
    5. dont' refer to Rocky Mountain Power, refer to 'billing utility'.  and UTA as the 'transit authority'
        a. billing utility
	    i. wants to delay infrastructure upgrades
	    ii. this is done by managing peak load
	b. transit authority
	    i. wants to minimize costs
problem formulation (to be included in the introduction):
1. buses, battery SOC, and routes
2. station, depot charges, availability
3. constraints
    a. charge time
    b. schedule and availability
    c. service (battery cannot reach 0 while on route)
4. costs
    a. uta: minimize fiscal costs associated with energy usage, power consumption, and time of day
    b. RMP: delay infrastructure upgrades by managing peak load
5. our approach ...
    a. uses directed graph to encode
        i. time -left to right layout of graph
	ii. bus availability - layers of nodes, or sets of nodes
	iii. charger - bus assignment - edges (binary var. on those edges)
	iv. charge rate (edges) 
	v. day vs night charging (connecting multiple graphs)
	vi. energy cost -> edges
	vii. nodes -> state of charge
	viii. talk about charge model
	ix. peak/off-peak/demand

6. move the list of contributions to the end of the literature review section


TUESDAY NOTES:
1. Get to the chase in fewer words in the first of the introduction.  We want to talk about environment.
3. the power companies design their rate schedules to recover these costs and include... talk about rate schedule and THEN its elements. Include citation for rate schedule 
4. perhaps introduce that they consume power in limited time period which stresses the grid.
5. ...plan when buses will charge, and how much power will be drawn...
9. need to work the first sentance to get to the point more quickly

three ideas in the introduction:
1. transit authorities
    i. stations
    ii. depots
    iii. chargers
    iv. routes
    v. schedules
    vi. operators
    vii. passengers/commuters
    viii. cost for power
2. BEB
    i. batteries
    ii. maintenance
    iii. emissions
    iv. leverage renewables 
3. power providers
    i. rate schedule
    ii. infrastructure and defered upgrades -- needs more emphasis

"public transit is being pushed to increase environmental friendliness and they have to reduce cost and maintain quality of service for commuters."
cost:  --need to minimize
environment: use electric buses
quality of service: must meet routes -- constraints for optimization

perhaps add another paragraph that introduces concepts to be used in the rest of the paper (i.e. graphs).

an additional section that talks about our contributions 

give a brief overview of what we are going to talk about at the beginning of the bus graph section. (flows nicely now, is this still necessary?)

introduction:
1: we want to use BEBs because they are nice to the environment and offer fewer maintnance costs.
2: BEBs provide additional challenges: not overtaxing the grid, charging within time constraints.
3: Rapid power draw, wear on infrastructure, power company expenses and billing rates
4: charge within time constraints: give operations overview and what these constraints entail
5: Planning a charge schedule must account for external and beb power draw, and time constraints.  This is the `bus charge problem'
6: This paper offers a solution to the bus charge problem.  This solution formulates the bus charge problem as a set of directed graphs and uses edge weights to represent when buses will be charged. Contributions include day/night charging, external loads, multi-rate charging, and minimizing over fiscal rate schedule.

graph section:

